failover 
    失效备援（为系统备援能力的一种，当系统中其中一项设备失效而无法运作时，另一项设备即可自动接手原失效系统所执行的工作）
resilient
    有弹性的，伸缩式的
tier
    一层，一行，一排
mid-tier 
    中间层
evict
    驱逐，回收
renew
    更新，恢复
threshold
    阈值，门槛
lease
    租约，租契
replicate
    复制
facility
    设施，能力
eligible
    合适的，合格的
migrate
    迁移
delegate
    代表
dereference
    间接引用
hierarchical
    分层的，层状的，等级森严的
destruction
    毁坏，毁灭
mandate
    命令，委托
derive
    得到，起源于
evaluate
    评判，计算，分析
mutex
    互斥体（只有两种状态的对象）
suppress
    抑制
suppressed
    被抑制的
canonical
    权威的，标准的
embrace
    拥抱
flexibility
    伸缩性，灵活性
out-of-the-box
    开箱即用的
scenarios
    场景
exponent
    指数，幂
replication
    复制
intricacy
    [抽象名称] 复杂性，复杂程度，复杂之处
implement
    [动词] 实施，执行，履行(多用于实施计划、政策等)
    [名词] 工具
clause
    [名词] (法律文书的)条款
collate 
    [动词] 收集整理，校对
relevant 
    相关的，重要的，合适的
stub 
    [名词] 烟头、票据存根等
tweak
    [动词] 捏、扭、拧；对...进行微调

primordial
    adj
    You use primordial to describe things that belong to a very early time in the history of the world.
    eg. primordial forest

migrate
    1. If people [migrate], they move from one place to another, especially in order to find work or to live somewhere for a short time.
    2. When birds, fish, or animals [migrate], they move at a particular season from one part of the world or from one part of a country to another, usually in order to breed or to find new feeding grounds.

provision
    1. The [provision of something] is the act of giving it or making it available to people who need or want it.
    2. If you [make provision for something] that might happen or that might need to be done, you make arrangements to deal with it.
    3. If you [make provision for someone], you support them financially and make sure that they have the things that they need.

manipulate
    If you say that someone [manipulates] people, you disapprove of them because they skilfully force or persuade people to do what they want.

indicate
    If one thing [indicates] another, the first thing shows that the second is true or exists.

hybrid
    1. A hybrid is an animal or plant that has been bred from two different species of animal or plant.
    2. You can use hybrid to refer to anything that is a mixture of other things, especially two other things.
    3. A [hybrid car] is a car that has both an electric motor and an ordinary car engine. It uses the ordinary engine when it needs extra power.

revolution
    1. A revolution is a successful attempt by a large group of people to change the political system of their country by force.
    2. A revolution in a particular area of human activity is an important change in that area.
    3. A revolution is a single complete turn (axial or orbital)

impose
    1. If you [impose] something on people, you use your authority to force them to accept it.
    2. If someone [imposes on] you, they unreasonably expect you to do something for them which you do not want to do.

elapse
    When [time elapses], it passes.

parity
    If there is [parity] between two things, they are equal.

hyper
    If someone is hyper, they are very excited and energetic.

subpoena
    1. A subpoena is a legal document telling someone that they must attend a court of law and give evidence as a witness.
    2. If someone subpoenas a person, they give them a legal document telling them to attend a court of law and give evidence. 
    3. If someone subpoenas a piece of evidence, the evidence must be produced in a court of law.

trivial
    If you describe something as trivial, you think that it is unimportant and not serious.

offset
    If one thing is offset by another, the effect of the first thing is reduced by the second, so that any advantage or disadvantage is cancelled out.

pseudo
    PREFIX - used to form adjectives and nouns that indicate that something is not the thing it is claimed to be. For example, if you describe a country as a pseudo-democracy, you mean that it is not really a democracy, although its government claims that it is.

evaluate
    If you evaluate something or someone, you consider them in order to make a judgment about them, for example about how good or bad they are.

intuitive
    If you have an intuitive idea or feeling about something, you feel that it is true although you have no evidence or proof of it.

proximity
    Proximity to a place or person is nearness to that place or person.
    eg: Part of the attraction is Darwin's proximity to Asia

inevitable
    If something is inevitable, it is certain to happen and cannot be prevented or avoided.

boost
    If one thing boosts another, it causes it to increase, improve, or be more successful.

alternate
    1. When you alternate two things, you keep using one then the other. When one thing alternates with another, the first regularly occurs after the other.
    2. Alternate actions, events, or processes regularly occur after each other.

chunk
    Chunks of something are thick solid pieces of it.
    A chunk of something is a large amount or large part of it.

discretion

broker
    1. 【名词】中介，中间人
    2. 【动词】撮合，促成

purge
    1. 【动词】清除